# WebidaRestfulApi.Execution

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | unique identifier of execution, to demux response stream or cancel request. Server should reject an async exec request without id. | [optional] 
**command** | **String** | The command to run. Server may not support pipe, redirection nor shell variables in command. Client should not assume any specific shell provider in server and should not using the shell features for portability. In windows system with unix sh (e.g. cygwin or mingw from git-for-windows), usually a shell script in PATH may work as command but probably allocates console window while running the command. Implementations (both of server &amp; client) should avoid allocating any  console instances while running services, for costs and UX, and should provide a portable way to invoke commands. Shortly, when a service/product embeds some .sh file to run, it must provide .cmd file doing same thing, always. | 
**args** | **[String]** | The arguments array. Server can join this args to command with proper white-space char, when underlying platform api (e.g. child_process#exec() in node.js) does not support additional arguments vector. It&#39;s recommended to use args vector than making a long command, to find &amp; see child processes easily with this Rest API. So, args should be always provided, even empty array.  When some arguments has a white space (e.g. C:\\Program Files\\webida), usually invoking command understands escaping or quotation, but not always. Client should add proper escaping or quotation chars to args vector manually. server should not change any command or arguments.  | 
**cwd** | **String** | Current working directory of spawned process, relative to workspace root. If abscent, cwd will be the workspace directory. Does not accept any evaluatable form like $HOME, %USERPROFILE%. path should be unixified. Server may reject an absolute cwd path. | [optional] 
**timeout** | **Integer** | The value which In &#39;miliseconds&#39; the maximum amount of time the child is allowed to run. (not idle time of stdout / stderr stream) for sync exec. Server should not apply default value for async exec, when omitted. The child process spawned by async       execution should be killed when 1) server goes down 2) process exits by self 3) cancel operation is invoked | [optional] 
**maxBuffer** | **Integer** | Largest amount of data (in bytes) allowed on stdout or stderr for sync exec. Server should not apply this limit to async execution. In sync exec, server may kill a child process that has exceeded limit. default value is 512KB, large enough. | [optional] 


